/*
Problem Statement
Alex works in a firm that deals with the requests that come with their own Priority Value at different instants of time.
Now he has to maintain a list of these requests with their Priority Value and the time at which they come.
He updates the list according to the following queries:

Type 1: Update the Priority Value of the request at time t to p in the list. In case there is no request present at time t in list,
set the Priority Value of that request to p at time t in the list.

Type 2: Remove the request which came at time t, from the list.
It is guaranteed that some request has already been come at that time before.
Alternatively, there will always be a request at time t currently present in the list.

Type 3: Print the minimum Priority Value of the request, followed by a space and 
the maximum Priority Value of the request currently present in the list.

Type 4: Print the Priority Value of the request, of the highest time present in the list.

Note:
1. The time instants given for query 1 may not be in ascending order. 
2. There can be more than two time instants with same Priority Value of the request.

Constraints: 
1<q<2×105 
1<t,p<2×109

Input Format: 
First line of the input contains q, the number of queries.
Then q lines follow.
Each of the q lines correspond to one of the query mentioned above.

Type 1: Integer with value 1, followed by space and two space-separated integers p and t,
denoting the Priority Value of the request and time t, respectively.

Type 2: Integer with value 2, followed by space and single integer t, denoting the time.

Type 3: Integer with value 3.

Type 4: Integer with value 4.

Output Format:
For each query of type 3, output the minimum and maximum Priority Value of the request currently present in the list.
For each query of type 4, output the Priority Value of the request of highest time, currently present in the list.

Note: You can assume that whenever query of type 3,4 occurs, the data is not null i.e some answer exists.

Sample Input                            Sample Output
6                                       2 10
1 3 10                                  2
1 5 2                                   10 10
3
4
2 5
3
Explanation:
We set the Priority Value at time 3 to 10.
We set the Priority Value at time 5 to 2.
The minimum and maximum Priority Value present in the list are 2,10.
The Priority Value at highest time (i.e t=5 ) is 2.
We remove the Priority Value set at time 2 i.e we now just have Priority Value = 10 at time 2.
The minimum and maximum Priority Value present in the list are 10,10 .
*/
